Both Cao Fei and Mattes' work demonstrate the development of the online world. While Cao Fei's RMB City is more of a realistic representation of cities in different parts of China, Life Sharing is more like a world of personal data. While reading the article about Cao Fei's work, I immediately recall that while I was reading some papers about digital legacy, some mentioned the online community Second Life. You can call this game a virtual living space for people in the Internet era. It creates an imaginary and unlimited space for users to be whatever they like, which reflects their desire to change some aspects of their lives. The avatars on such a platform are the users' second identity.<br>

I also watched a TV series called Upload. The dead will be uploaded to a virtual paradise where they can continue living as digital avatars. Although unimaginable for us, this place extends the lives of human beings. Yet in this paradise, we can also see the struggle of some moral problems. In order for the character to be "alive" in the virtual world, someone must pay for the "living" dispenses. Some people are "frozen" forever because their relatives gradually become unwilling to pay for them.<br>

Both existing artworks and sci-fi reflect the trend of online identity. The physical world is constrained in that we cannot change a lot of things easily, like our appearance, personality, and ability. The digital world is a wonderland where you can have a brand new look by purchasing stuff with game currency. However, this space is also dangerous and vulnerable as shown in Life Sharing, in which I feel uncomfortable about exposing my personal information to the public.
