With technology, we humans are encountering so many new and ethical problems. This article brings up a very realistic problem we are facing nowadays: the online identity and its authenticity. Faking an identity in the virtual world can be liberating as the author says, since sometimes people don't want to leak their personal information to strangers. Nevertheless, it can be used for illicit purpose. Cyber scammers deceive other users to make money. That's where we would probably stop the discussion by concluding that you need to obey the internet laws and regulations.<br>
Interestingly, the author continue the topic by stating that the virtual world cannot be separated from the real world.  The personality people show on the Internet actually reflects their other self. This reminds me of the ever escalating online violence. People tend to be more irrational online since it's their way of diverting from daily grinding. Checking twitter(or weibo), youtube and tiktok comprises a big part of everyday life after work or study. People don't usually think too much before they post random thoughts or comment on a trending issue. They love to rebuke others even if they only have limited information on that issue (I hate the online environment on Weibo). This can lead to some people feel hurt by others' words. As Wilk points out, "the virtual body, perhaps entirely lacking in fidelity to the actual body, could nonetheless register real trauma transferred back onto the actual self". That's why learning to react more politely on social media and try not to be influenced by partial opinions by other users is so important.<br>
Another interesting fact is that some internet accounts may not even be controlled by a real person. Think about Instagram influencers being completely a digital avatar (Lil Miquela for example). Thet have so many followers and have even cooperated with celebrities in so many commercial advertisements. It's also peculiar to think that they can also be traumatized. "If it's acceptable to traumatize a disembodied AI because she is virtual--is this not the same logic by which it's acceptable to traumatize an embodied person who is deemed 'less than' human" (Wilk). But what if these online avatars can function more and more like human and eventually take control over us in the future? Apparently there are far more questions to contemplate with advancing technologies.
