In the past, I wouldn't relate online activities to its context. While after reading Connor's article, I start to realize how the art on Internet can have impact on our social, economic and political life, not only individuals' daily lives. And it's especially striking to learn that these new practices of Internet art already developed so well in the 90s. Art Club 2000 took on the approach of caricature of the commercial art, CAE sent messages to National Institute of Health questioning their inaction. Take FloodNet as an example, it provides people with "a context to gather together online to bear witness to injustice". Its purpose is to protest in a new form with online engagement. If you don't realize the context behind this activity, if you don't know FloodNet was built to support Zapatista who have protested for years and gained a strong network on the Internet, you would probably misunderstand this as destruction of the server by some random hackers.<br>

Insurgent as the aim is, the form of the practice is organized in a relatively ambiguous way: combining political tactics with poetics like "human rights not found" or "justice not found". I reckon this as the "corporate aesthetics, which involves a kind of heightened and sometimes satirical participation in corporate culture". Again, we can see that as the Internet grew more flourished, its uses also expanded to other areas. In this case, the political resistance against the Mexican government is the aim of the electronic art. This can be considered as a new form of parade in the cyberspace era, which exploited the advantages of Internet as being immune to the sovereignty. The cooperation of the developers of EDT and protestors of Zapatista is not the only virtual sit-in. EDT continued on other events that aimed at "stock exchange" and "increasing corporate control of the web" etc.
